Git with GitHub & Jenkins Fundamentals Training – Post Assessment: V2 - 19 Feb 2021

Note: Participants need to select at least one answer from multiple choice questions but few questions can have multiple answers, in which case choose as many right answers as possible

1.	Which command creates a new Git repository in the client?
a.	git create
b.	git add .
c.	git new
d.	git init

2.	Identify the correct command to configure email in Git.
a.	git config -global user.email user@email.com 
b.	git config --global user.email user@email.com
c.	git config -global user.mail user@email.com 
d.	git config --global user.mail user@email.com

3.	Which command is used to send local changes to the remote Git server?
a.	git send commit
b.	git commit --push
c.	git push origin
d.	git fetch

4.	Which file would you create if you do not want Git to track changes relating to few files?
a.	.donottrack
b.	.exclude
c.	.gitignore
d.	.ignore

5.	A local Git repository can have remote references to how many Git server URLs?
a.	Only one
b.	Max 2
c.	Depends on the configuration
d.	There is no limit on the number of remotes a local Repo can point to

6.	How can one identify if a given folder in the client is a Git repository or not? Pick one or more correct answers.
a.	Look for .git hidden folder
b.	Run git status command and check if it returns any meaningful information
c.	Run git init command
d.	No, it is not possible to identify
 
7.	What is the difference between Clone & Fork with respect to a GitHub Repository?
a.	Clone is a copy of the repository on the server while Fork is creating a local copy
b.	Fork is a copy of the repository on the server while Clone is creating a local copy
c.	There is not much difference and both commands can be used interchangeably

8.	Which command can be used to create a new Branch called ‘new_branch’ locally?
a.	git create branch new_branch
b.	git checkout -b new_branch 
c.	git branch new_branch
d.	git new branch new_branch

9.	Which Git command can be used to selectively choose commits?
a.	git select
b.	git cherry-pick
c.	git pick
d.	git choose

10.	Which of the following is true regarding Git checkout command?
a.	It can be used to create a new branch
b.	It is used to switch the code base to any specific commit/snap-shot
c.	It can be used to view changes in a specific commit
d.	If not wisely used, it can possibly result in a detached HEAD status

11.	Which Git command can be used to save temporary & incomplete changes in the Repository?
a.	git save
b.	git stack
c.	git stash
d.	git temp
e.	
12.	What can be done if a Git repository on the server gets deleted by accident? Pick all correct answers.
a.	Only possible option is to restore it from the back-up (tape/disk)
b.	The code can be restored by pushing the repo from a latest code base from a developer machine but all Git history would be lost
c.	The code can be restored by pushing the repo from a latest code base from a developer machine with all git history intact

13.	What’s the relation between Hudson & Jenkins?
a.	They are not related
b.	Hudson is the recent release of Jenkins
c.	Jenkins originated from Hudson
d.	They both refer to the same product

14.	Pick all that is needed to Integrate Jenkins with GitHub Server for CI
a.	Git Server credentials (SSH keys or username & password)
b.	Git Server plugin installed on Jenkins
c.	CI plugin installed on Jenkins
d.	Maven 

15.	What is the correct URL for configuring a webhook in GitHub? Pick one or more
a.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-web-hook/
b.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-webhook/
c.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/github-webhook/
d.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/webhook/

16.	Which of the following Source Code plugins are installed on Jenkins upon choosing recommending plugins during installation of Jenkins
a.	Git
b.	TFS
c.	Subversion
d.	None

17.	What is a Jenkins Agent or Slave? Pick one or more.
a.	It is another Jenkins Server
b.	It’s a light weight Jenkins worker 
c.	It’s a Jenkins Server running on low configuration node
d.	There is no difference between Jenkins Server & Agent

18.	Pick all that is needed by Jenkins in order to build a Maven based Java Project.
a.	Apache Tomcat Server
b.	Compatible Maven & JDK
c.	Git

19.	What best defines a pipeline Job in Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	A bunch of jobs that listen to the same message queue
b.	A series of Jobs that are owned & run by the same user
c.	A set of Jobs which define a certain workflow & dependency
d.	There is nothing called pipeline Jobs in Jenkins

20.	What is SCM Polling feature in Jenkins?
a.	It is a call back mechanism for triggering jobs in Jenkins
b.	It is a feature which will ensure SCM Tools to poll Jenkins for build status
c.	It is a feature using which Jenkins can constantly poll SCM Tools for source code changes
d.	None of the above
